Added Installation instructions for Linux (#22)
ori-community/wiki: content/installation.md

## Download

### Windows

Download and install the latest setup executable from [our website](https://wotw.orirando.com/)

Because the randomizer is working by injecting its own functionalities into the base game, antivirus programs tend to view it as a malware. You will most likely need to whitelist the folder in which you installed the randomizer so your antivirus is not preventing it from launching and installing.

### Linux

Install [Bottles](https://flathub.org/apps/com.usebottles.bottles) using Flatpak, and launch it at least once, no further setup is required inside Bottles.

> Then, download the latest application from [our website](https://wotw.orirando.com/), and lanuch the file titled "ori-rando-launcher" directly, it should set up and manage all the necessary bottles automatically in the background once you load into the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, download the latest application from [our website](https://wotw.orirando.com/), and launch the file Launcher executable ("ori-rando-launcher") directly. Once you start the game for the first time from the Launcher, it will set up Bottles automatically.
```
